[font="sans-bold-18"]0 A.D. Empires Ascendant Multiplayer Lobby Terms of Service[/font]

[font="sans-bold-14"]Document Date:[/font] 2026-09-28

The 0 A.D. Empires Ascendant Multiplayer Lobby is an online service provided by Wildfire Games that allows players to set up online multiplayer matches, discuss the game in a public chat room and gain a rating that reflects their skill.

Due to the subject matter of historic warfare, description and depiction of violence and the language on the Multiplayer Lobby, 0 A.D. and the Multiplayer Lobby are not directed to young children (COPPA §312.2).
The minimum age to use the Multiplayer Lobby is 13.

[font="sans-bold-14"]By using the 0 A.D. Multiplayer Lobby, you agree to:[/font]
 1. a. Only create one account per person on the service unless authorized by Wildfire Games.
    b. Not share your account with anyone and not publish or divulge to anyone the account password.
 2. Not impersonate other users of the service and only use your registered username in multiplayer matches.
 3. Not post profanity, pejorative terms or pornographic content.
 4. Not harass, harm, intimidate, discriminate, threaten, defame, cause damage to others or purposefully demean the worth of others using this service.
 5. Not violate the privacy of others by disclosing personally identifiable information (for example real name, location, ID) or private details (for example social media or messenger account names) of others without their consent.
 6. Not incite violence or promote illegal acts.
 7. Not attempt to artificially adjust any user of the service's rating or any of the statistics which impact it. (Examples of this are, but are not limited to: cheating in ranked games, reverse engineering the service, and taking advantage of other users of the service.)
 8. Not undermine the intended gameplay or purposefully gain unfair advantages in multiplayer matches (for example cheating, using exploits or bugs).
 9. Not spam the service and not post large amounts of repetitive or unwanted messages.
10. Not use the service to promote specific goods, services, or products unless authorized by Wildfire Games.
11. Not use the service with third-party software or mods that prevents the user from being informed of updated Terms and Conditions, unless authorized by a Wildfire Games team member.
12. Use the service at your own risk. Wildfire Games does not take responsibility for the content posted by users or damages resulting from this service.

If a moderator deems your behavior to be inconsistent with these terms, your account may be restricted, suspended or terminated.

[font="sans-bold-14"]Wildfire Games reserves the right to:[/font]
 1. Moderate the service, i.e. to enforce the Terms of Service by restricting, suspending or terminating user accounts.
 2. Appoint others to moderate the service.
 3. Discontinue or interrupt any part of the service at any time.
 4. Change the service or the terms. The document date of the terms indicate its version, and the user is informed of the new terms before being able to use the service again.
 5. Process personal data in accordance with the Lobby Privacy Policy, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) where applicable.

If parts of the terms are held to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, the remainder of the terms shall still apply ('severability').
